Changed link to distroboot docs (#1794)
advancedtelematic/aktualizr: docs/ota-client-guide/modules/ROOT/pages/bsp-integration.adoc

+
On an OSTree-managed system, OSTree can tell the bootloader which kernel, initramfs, and device tree blob to load. There are two basic ways to do this:
+

> * on a system with link:https://source.denx.de/u-boot/u-boot/raw/master/doc/develop/distro.rst[distroboot], OSTree sets u-boot environment variables to the appropriate values when it switches to a new deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* On a system with link:https://source.denx.de/u-boot/u-boot/raw/master/doc/develop/distro.rst[Distro Boot], OSTree sets the U-Boot environment variables to the appropriate values when OSTree switches to a new deployment.
```

> * In systems that don’t support distroboot (e.g. GRUB) there will be a very minimal, simple bootloader configuration script that is fixed in the bootloader’s partition. The minimal script then points the bootloader to a second, "real" bootloader script, which is managed by OSTree. The way OSTree switches to a new deployment is by replacing the second script so that it points to the new deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Systems that do not support Distro Boot (for example, GRUB) have a very minimal, simple bootloader configuration script that is fixed in the bootloader partition. This script points the bootloader to a second bootloader script, which is managed by OSTree. OSTree switches to a new deployment by replacing the second script with a new one which points to the new deployment.
```
